feat: Device count via deviceauth-enterprise cli. (#1948)
mendersoftware/mender-docs: 07.Server-installation/03.Installation-with-docker-compose/04.Enabling-device-license-count/docs.md

---
title: Enabling device license count
taxonomy:
    category: docs
    label: tutorial
---

> 

Reviewer: Please add a disclaimer:

```
!!!!! Device License Count is only available in Mender Enterprise.
!!!!! Ignore this section if you are running Mender Open Source.
```

Author: added.

> In order to enable the [device license count](../../07.Device-license-count/docs.md) in your composition, 
> you need to schedule a cronjob to run the device-count command every day.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable the [device license count](../../07.Device-license-count/docs.md) in your composition, 
you must schedule a cronjob to run the device-count command daily.
```

Author: sure.

Assuming you have [cron](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man5/crontab.5.html) available
you can create a crontab entry in the following way:

```shell
NETWORK=name-of-your-mender-network;
VERSION_TAG=mender-version-running;

> echo "7 3 * * * docker run --network $NETWORK registry.mender.io/mendersoftware/deviceauth-enterprise:$VERSION_TAG license-count" | crontab -

Reviewer: Why not using docker-compose (via the run script) instead to run the command?
https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/compose_run/

Author: I like the run command? the real reason: I could not make it working with the docker-compose run, but since you asked, now I have.
fixed.
